Recommended Books

Disclosure: Please note that most of the links below are affiliate links, and at no additional cost to you, I will earn a commission if you decide to make a purchase. Please understand that I recommend these books because I think they are good books and not because of the small commissions I make if you decide to buy something. Please do not spend any money on these books unless you feel that they will help you achieve your learning goals.

-Yaakov Chaikin

By the way, most of the links I provide below are to Amazon.com. Amazon has this really cool service called AmazonPrime. You can sign up for a trial of it here. Using that service, you will get free 2-day shipping on most items on Amazon.com. I use that service all the time and it's really nice! Also, recently, Amazon came out with another service called PrimeNOW. It's only available to AmazonPrime members and they will deliver A LOT of items to your doorsteps within 2 hours for FREE. Yes, seriously. I've used it. Of course, AmazonPrime has a lot of other perks like free movies/shows/music streaming, Kindle book library, etc.

With AmazonPrime, a lot of the books below will be at your doorsteps THE SAME DAY you order them, for FREE. Click here to check it out!
		
Web Design with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery Set by Jon Duckett	Buy on Amazon	MY ABSOLUTE TOP PICK. This is a set that combines 2 books for a cheaper price. Both books are excellent: very visual, easy to look up things in, and get straight to the point without a lot of blah blah.
HTML and CSS: Design and Build Websites by Jon Duckett	Buy on Amazon	MY TOP PICK FOR HTML/CSS. Great book that is very visually oriented. It’s very easy to look through, especially if you are in a hurry. It’s also very concise and to the point.
Learning Web Design: A Beginner's Guide to HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Web Graphics by Jennifer Niederst Robbins	Buy on Amazon	A fairly comprehensive book that talks about the code AND the design aspect of web page development.
Learning Web App Development by Semmy Purewal	Buy on Amazon	A student found this book and states that "its close to what is taught in this course". Looks like a great book from first glance and does sound close to what we cover in the course.
Mastering Sublime Text by Dan Peleg	Buy on Amazon	Clear, step by step instructions. Covers Sublime Text 3!
Pragmatic Guide to Git by Travis Swicegood	Buy on Amazon	MY TOP PICK FOR GIT. I am a BIG fan of pretty much any Pragmatic programming series book. This one is great as well! Explains the concepts well, so you are not just memorizing commands.
Pro Git by Scott Chacon and Ben Straub	Buy on Amazon	Explains things pretty well. You can read it for free online here.
JavaScript: The Definitive Guide: Activate Your Web Pages by David Flanagan	Buy on Amazon	A VERY comprehensive book on Javascript. This Definitive Guide book is a classic.
JavaScript: The Good Parts by Douglas Crockford	Buy on Amazon	Another classic! Written by the inventor of JSON. Empowers you to harness the true power of Javascript as a language.
JavaScript and JQuery: Interactive Front-End Web Development by Jon Duckett	Buy on Amazon	MY TOP PICK FOR JAVASCRIPT. Just like his HTML/CSS book, this one is very visual and gets to the point quickly.
